ci: add GH Actions dependabot (#120)
cartesi/rollups-node: CHANGELOG.md

- Added rollups-node version to the logs in all services

### Added

> - Added CI to check for GH actions updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added dependabot to check for GitHub Actions updates
```
